Which is the email of Giulia Rossi?
Which is the name of the department where the teacher Laura Bianchi teaches?
How many credits has the course Software Engineering?
In which building is the class with room number 401?
In which semester is done the Cybersecurity course?
In which classroom (room number) is the Database Systems exam?
In which area is the 'User Experience Design in Web Apps' thesis?
Which instructor (name, surname) teaches Machine Learning course?
Which is the research area of the teacher Carlo Rossi?
How many research project follows the teacher Giulia Colombo?
When is the Machine Learning exam (date,time)?
In which courses (name of courses) Giulia Rossi is enrolled?
What is the grade of Giulia Rossi for the Machine Learning course?
Who is the teacher (name,surname) following Sophie Durand in her thesis?
What are all the courses (name of courses) offered by the Computer Science department?
What is the department name in which Antonio Gallo teaches?
What is the grade of Elena Gonzales for the Human-Computer Interaction exam?
Which faculty does the Electronics department belong to?
In which building will be the Embedded Systems exam?
What is the title of the thesis followed by Alessandro Moretti?
Which students (name,surname) have an enrollment date before 2022?
What is the faculty of the Chemistry department?
Which are the students (name,surname) enrolled in the Database Systems course?
What are the research areas of Maria Ferrari?
How many research projects are led by Laura Bianchi?
Which student (name,surname) had a grade equal to 28 in Human-Computer Interaction?
Which are the classrooms (room number) in the Engineering building?
What is the day and time of the Software Engineering exam?
Which courses (name of courses) have 8 credits?
What is the title of the thesis of Sophie Durand?
Which are the students (name, surname) enrolled in Machine Learning or in Advanced Algorithm courses?
Which courses (name of the courses) have 6 credits?
Which students (name, surname) enrolled in 2020?
Which classrooms (room number) are located in the Main building?
Which departments (departments name) are in the Science faculty?
Which thesis (title) have the status completed?
What are the names of the courses taught by Laura Bianchi?
Which courses (name of courses) are taught in the Fall semester?
Which courses (name of courses) are taught in the Spring semester?
Which teachers (name, surname) are part of the Electronics department?
Which thesis (title) have the status in progress?
Which teachers (name, surname) are part of the Computer Science department?
Which Students (name, surname) are Italian?
Which are the Male students (name, surname) enrolled in the university?
Which are the Female students (name, surname) enrolled in the university in the course with course_id 110?
Which are all the grades obtained by the student Sophie Durand?
Which are the students (name, surname) enrolled in Human-Computer Interaction or Digital Signal Processing
which are the courses (name of the course) with an exam scheduled at 13.00 or 14.00 hours?
Which are the classrooms (room number) in Science or Electronics building?